Improve how code insights helps (#1852)
sourcegraph/handbook: content/strategy-goals/strategy/use_cases/fixing_security_vulnerabilities.md

[Engineering Leader](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1aQhcWoWd_LJXdAgEn7JBGnZV5pfN6UJyct2VV-ZiTXI/edit#slide=id.ge9b93ff711_0_46)

> - Create Code Insights to track remediation and set up Code Monitoring alerts to be notified when risky patterns, secrets, or other known vulnerabilities are introduced into the codebase

Author: ```suggestion
- Create Code Insights to track remediation of the issue across affected repositories and set up Code Monitoring alerts to be notified when risky patterns, secrets, or other known vulnerabilities are introduced into any codebase
```

> - Create Code Insights to track remediation of the issue across affected repositories and set up Code Monitoring alerts to be notified when risky patterns, secrets, or other known vulnerabilities are introduced into any codebase

Author: ```suggestion
- Create Code Insights to track remediation of issues across affected repositories and set up Code Monitoring alerts to be notified when risky patterns, secrets, or other known vulnerabilities are introduced into any codebase
```
